docusaurus/docs/SDLC/05-integrate.md, before:

---
slug: /SDLC/integrate
description: The integration phase (CI) of combining individual software modules into a unified group
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Integrate

> [Back to SDLC Intro](../SDLC/introduction)

The **Integrate** phase involves combining individual software modules into a unified group. In modern <Tooltip text="DevOps" definition="A set of practices that combines software development (Dev) and IT operations (Ops) to shorten delivery cycles and improve reliability." />, this is often continuous (<Tooltip text="CI" definition="Continuous Integration: frequently merging code changes into a shared repository with automated builds and tests." />), but conceptually it represents the assembly of the system.

## Integration Activities

Successful integration ensures that separate components developed by different teams work together seamlessly.

- **Dependency Management:** Handling external libraries and internal packages.
- **Conflict Resolution:** Merging code from different branches and resolving conflicts.
- **Build Automation:** Compiling code and creating executable artifacts.
- **Containerization:** Packaging applications with their dependencies (e.g., using <Tooltip text="Docker" definition="A platform for building, running, and shipping applications inside lightweight containers." />).

### Integration Key Deliverables

- Build Artifacts (JARs, WARs, Docker Images)
- Integrated Codebase
- Software Bill of Materials (<Tooltip text="SBOM" definition="A complete, machine-readable list of all components, libraries, and dependencies that make up a software application." />)

:::tip[How AI Can Help: Integration]
AI streamlines specific pain points in integration:

- **Conflict Resolution:** AI can analyze code logic to suggest optimal merge strategies and resolve conflicts (e.g., previously mentioned IDEs in the [Code](./03-code.md) section or features in [GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/) or [GitHub](https://github.com/)).
- **Smart Builds:** Tools like [Incredibuild](https://www.incredibuild.com/) use AI to distribute build tasks efficiently, significantly reducing build times.
- **SBOM Management:** AI helps generate and analyze SBOMs for security risks, with tools like [Sonatype Nexus](https://www.sonatype.com/products/sonatype-nexus-repository) and [JFrog Artifactory](https://jfrog.com/artifactory/) providing real-time intelligence on open-source components.
  :::

Commit message:

Updated The Three Ways and added oyther tools and apps into the SDLC

docusaurus/docs/SDLC/05-integrate.md, after:

---
slug: /SDLC/integrate
description: The integration phase (CI) of combining individual software modules into a unified group
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Integrate

> [Back to SDLC Intro](../SDLC/introduction)

The **Integrate** phase involves combining individual software modules into a unified group. In modern <Tooltip text="DevOps" definition="A set of practices that combines software development (Dev) and IT operations (Ops) to shorten delivery cycles and improve reliability." />, this is often continuous (<Tooltip text="CI" definition="Continuous Integration: frequently merging code changes into a shared repository with automated builds and tests." />), but conceptually it represents the assembly of the system.

## Integration Activities

Successful integration ensures that separate components developed by different teams work together seamlessly.

- **Dependency Management:** Handling external libraries and internal packages.
- **Conflict Resolution:** Merging code from different branches and resolving conflicts.
- **Build Automation:** Compiling code and creating executable artifacts.
- **Containerization:** Packaging applications with their dependencies (e.g., using <Tooltip text="Docker" definition="A platform for building, running, and shipping applications inside lightweight containers." />).

### Integration Key Deliverables

- Build Artifacts (JARs, WARs, Docker Images)
- Integrated Codebase
- Software Bill of Materials (<Tooltip text="SBOM" definition="A complete, machine-readable list of all components, libraries, and dependencies that make up a software application." />)

:::tip[How AI Can Help: Integration]
AI streamlines specific pain points in integration:

- **Conflict Resolution:** AI can analyze code logic to suggest optimal merge strategies and resolve conflicts (e.g., previously mentioned IDEs in the [Code](./03-code.md) section or features in [GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/) or [GitHub](https://github.com/)).
- **Smart Builds:** Tools like [Incredibuild](https://www.incredibuild.com/) use AI to distribute build tasks efficiently, significantly reducing build times.
- **SBOM Management:** AI helps generate and analyze SBOMs for security risks, with tools like [Sonatype Nexus](https://www.sonatype.com/products/sonatype-nexus-repository) and [JFrog Artifactory](https://jfrog.com/artifactory/) providing real-time intelligence on open-source components.
- **Delivery and flow metrics:** Tools like [LinearB](https://linearb.io/) integrate with Git and project management to measure delivery flow and DORA-style metrics during integration and release.
  :::
