README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/ibIuKyP.png" alt="bangsluke Logo" width="200" style="border-radius: 50%;"/>
</p>

# Homepage

A custom built site homepage and new browser tab

### Status

<!-- Project Badges -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/bangsluke/Homepage" alt="Stable release version badge">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue)" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/bangsluke/Homepage">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Repo_Status-Active-informational?style=flat&logo=LOGO_NAME&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)" alt="Repo status badge" />
  </a>
</p>

<!-- Built With Badges -->

### Built With

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white">
  <br>
</p>

### Author

Drop me an email at [bangsluke@gmail.com](mailto:bangsluke@gmail.com) or visit my [GitHub account](https://github.com/bangsluke).

## Key Features

- Homepage containing links to all of my other sites and projects and files.
- A new tab page for my browser with key links and a gallery.

## Getting Started

There is no need to install, just visit the [site here](https://bangsluke.github.io/Homepage.html).

## Author Notes

### Next Steps

Keep adding links and further improvements.

Commit message:

Added test link to Helper doc

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/ibIuKyP.png" alt="bangsluke Logo" width="200" style="border-radius: 50%;"/>
</p>

# Homepage

A custom built site homepage and new browser tab

For a link to the HelperDoc, click [here](https://github.com/bangsluke/bangsluke.github.io/blob/newMDFile/HelperDoc.md)

### Status

<!-- Project Badges -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/bangsluke/Homepage" alt="Stable release version badge">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue)" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/bangsluke/Homepage">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Repo_Status-Active-informational?style=flat&logo=LOGO_NAME&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)" alt="Repo status badge" />
  </a>
</p>

<!-- Built With Badges -->

### Built With

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white">
  <br>
</p>

### Author

Drop me an email at [bangsluke@gmail.com](mailto:bangsluke@gmail.com) or visit my [GitHub account](https://github.com/bangsluke).

## Key Features

- Homepage containing links to all of my other sites and projects and files.
- A new tab page for my browser with key links and a gallery.

## Getting Started

There is no need to install, just visit the [site here](https://bangsluke.github.io/Homepage.html).

## Author Notes

### Next Steps

Keep adding links and further improvements.
