docusaurus/docs/Projects/Dorkinians Website/1DorkiniansWebsite.md, before:

---
slug: /projects/dorkinians-website
---

# Dorkinians Website

![Dorkinians Website Screenshot](https://i.postimg.cc/Yq7Xvd7n/Dorkinians-Website.png)

:::danger[HOT TIP]
This app works best when installed as a native app on your phone or tablet and is highly recommended to do so.

Navigate to the Settings Page using the icon in the top right of the screen and follow the steps for "**Add App to Home Screen**" to install the app. [More details here.](6SettingsPage.md#pwa-installation)
:::

## Quick Links

- [Home Page Documentation](2HomePage.md)
- [Stats Page Documentation](3StatsPage.md)
- [TOTW Page Documentation](4TOTWPage.md)
- [Club Info Page Documentation](5ClubInfoPage.md)
- [Settings Page Documentation](6SettingsPage.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Quick Links](#quick-links)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [Site Pages](#site-pages)
  - [Home](#home)
  - [Stats](#stats)
  - [TOTW](#totw)
  - [Club Info](#club-info)
  - [Settings](#settings)
- [Dorkinians Website Useful Links](#dorkinians-website-useful-links)

## Overview

The Dorkinians Website is a mobile-first Progressive Web App (PWA) that provides comprehensive statistics and information about Dorkinians Football Club. The app features a chatbot interface, detailed player, team, and club statistics, Team of the Week displays, and club information.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Navigation

On mobile devices, the app uses a bottom navigation bar with four main tabs:

- **Home**: Chatbot interface for asking questions and player selection
- **Stats**: Player, team, and club statistics along with player comparison
- **TOTW**: Team of the Week and Players of the Month
- **Club Info**: Club information, league details, captains, awards, and useful links

Within each tab, there can be multiple pages such as on the Stats tab.

:::tip
You can swipe left and right between some pages on mobile devices for quick navigation or click on the white dots at the top of the screen.
:::

:::info
There is also an easy navigation feature on the [Settings Page](6SettingsPage.md) to quickly navigate to any page.
:::

On desktop devices, a persistent sidebar navigation is available on the left side of the screen, providing quick access to all main pages and sub-pages.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Site Pages

### Home

The Home page features the chatbot interface where you can select a player and then ask questions about Dorkinians FC statistics.

Example questions are provided to get you started.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/660MVKSh/Homepage_Mobile.png"
    alt="Homepage Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/qMvjjYHR/Homepage_Desktop.png"
    alt="Homepage Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
[View the Home page documentation here.](2HomePage.md)
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Stats

The Stats section provides comprehensive statistics for players, teams, and the entire club.

**Sub-sections:**
- **Player Stats**: Individual player performance metrics across multiple categories
- **Team Stats**: Team-level statistics and performance analysis
- **Club Stats**: Club-wide statistics and comparisons
- **Comparison**: Side-by-side player comparison with radar charts

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/593s5JGk/Player_Stats_Mobile.png"
    alt="Player Stats Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/zXG00MYX/Player_Stats_Desktop.png"
    alt="Player Stats Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
[View the Stats page documentation here.](3StatsPage.md)
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### TOTW

The TOTW (Team of the Week) section displays the best performing players each week and monthly award winners.

**Sub-sections:**
- **Team of the Week**: Weekly best XI with visual pitch display
- **Players of the Month**: Monthly player awards

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/9XpLP2Sg/TOTW_Mobile.png"
    alt="TOTW Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/8kHZdG9C/Players_of_the_Month_Desktop.png"
    alt="Players of the Month Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
[View the TOTW page documentation here.](4TOTWPage.md)
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Club Info

The Club Info section contains information about the club, leagues, captains, awards, and useful links.

**Sub-sections:**
- **Club Information**: Club history, milestones, and location
- **League Information**: League details and standings
- **Club Captains**: Current and historical captains
- **Club Awards**: Award information and winners
- **Useful Links**: External resources and links

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/Wpn5mVKH/Club_Information_Mobile.png"
    alt="Club Information Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/gk2NN5bb/League_Information_Desktop.png"
    alt="League Information Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
[View the Club Info page documentation here.](5ClubInfoPage.md)
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Settings

The Settings page provides PWA installation options, links to help documentation, quick navigation to all app sections and app information features.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/qBL1crYP/Settings_Mobile.png"
    alt="Settings Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/v8z07yks/Settings_Desktop.png"
    alt="Settings Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
[View the Settings page documentation here.](6SettingsPage.md)
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Dorkinians Website Useful Links

- <a href="https://dorkinians-website-v3.netlify.app/" target="_blank">Dorkinians Website</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/bangsluke/Dorkinians-Website" target="_blank">GitHub Repository</a>
- <a href="https://app.netlify.com/projects/dorkinians-website-v3/deploys" target="_blank">Netlify Deployment</a>

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

Added page meta data across the site

docusaurus/docs/Projects/Dorkinians Website/1DorkiniansWebsite.md, after:

---
slug: /projects/dorkinians-website
description: The starting page for users of the Dorkinians Website
---

# Dorkinians Website

> [Back to Projects Page](../projects)

![Dorkinians Website Screenshot](https://i.postimg.cc/Yq7Xvd7n/Dorkinians-Website.png)

:::danger[HOT TIP]
This app works best when installed as a native app on your phone or tablet and is highly recommended to do so.

Navigate to the Settings Page using the icon in the top right of the screen and follow the steps for "**Add App to Home Screen**" to install the app. [More details here.](6SettingsPage.md#pwa-installation)
:::

## Quick Links

- [Home Page Documentation](2HomePage.md)
- [Stats Page Documentation](3StatsPage.md)
- [TOTW Page Documentation](4TOTWPage.md)
- [Club Info Page Documentation](5ClubInfoPage.md)
- [Settings Page Documentation](6SettingsPage.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Quick Links](#quick-links)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [Site Pages](#site-pages)
  - [Home](#home)
  - [Stats](#stats)
  - [TOTW](#totw)
  - [Club Info](#club-info)
  - [Settings](#settings)
- [Dorkinians Website Useful Links](#dorkinians-website-useful-links)

## Overview

The Dorkinians Website is a mobile-first Progressive Web App (PWA) that provides comprehensive statistics and information about Dorkinians Football Club. The app features a chatbot interface, detailed player, team, and club statistics, Team of the Week displays, and club information.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Navigation

On mobile devices, the app uses a bottom navigation bar with four main tabs:

- **Home**: Chatbot interface for asking questions and player selection
- **Stats**: Player, team, and club statistics along with player comparison
- **TOTW**: Team of the Week and Players of the Month
- **Club Info**: Club information, league details, captains, awards, and useful links

Within each tab, there can be multiple pages such as on the Stats tab.

:::tip
You can swipe left and right between some pages on mobile devices for quick navigation or click on the white dots at the top of the screen.
:::

:::info
There is also an easy navigation feature on the [Settings Page](6SettingsPage.md) to quickly navigate to any page.
:::

On desktop devices, a persistent sidebar navigation is available on the left side of the screen, providing quick access to all main pages and sub-pages.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Site Pages

### Home

The Home page features the chatbot interface where you can select a player and then ask questions about Dorkinians FC statistics.

Example questions are provided to get you started.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/660MVKSh/Homepage_Mobile.png"
    alt="Homepage Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/qMvjjYHR/Homepage_Desktop.png"
    alt="Homepage Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
[View the Home page documentation here.](2HomePage.md)
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Stats

The Stats section provides comprehensive statistics for players, teams, and the entire club.

**Sub-sections:**

- **Player Stats**: Individual player performance metrics across multiple categories
- **Team Stats**: Team-level statistics and performance analysis
- **Club Stats**: Club-wide statistics and comparisons
- **Comparison**: Side-by-side player comparison with radar charts

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/593s5JGk/Player_Stats_Mobile.png"
    alt="Player Stats Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/zXG00MYX/Player_Stats_Desktop.png"
    alt="Player Stats Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
[View the Stats page documentation here.](3StatsPage.md)
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### TOTW

The TOTW (Team of the Week) section displays the best performing players each week and monthly award winners.

**Sub-sections:**

- **Team of the Week**: Weekly best XI with visual pitch display
- **Players of the Month**: Monthly player awards

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/9XpLP2Sg/TOTW_Mobile.png"
    alt="TOTW Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/8kHZdG9C/Players_of_the_Month_Desktop.png"
    alt="Players of the Month Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
[View the TOTW page documentation here.](4TOTWPage.md)
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Club Info

The Club Info section contains information about the club, leagues, captains, awards, and useful links.

**Sub-sections:**

- **Club Information**: Club history, milestones, and location
- **League Information**: League details and standings
- **Club Captains**: Current and historical captains
- **Club Awards**: Award information and winners
- **Useful Links**: External resources and links

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/Wpn5mVKH/Club_Information_Mobile.png"
    alt="Club Information Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/gk2NN5bb/League_Information_Desktop.png"
    alt="League Information Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
[View the Club Info page documentation here.](5ClubInfoPage.md)
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Settings

The Settings page provides PWA installation options, links to help documentation, quick navigation to all app sections and app information features.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/qBL1crYP/Settings_Mobile.png"
    alt="Settings Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/v8z07yks/Settings_Desktop.png"
    alt="Settings Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
[View the Settings page documentation here.](6SettingsPage.md)
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Dorkinians Website Useful Links

- <a href="https://dorkinians-website-v3.netlify.app/" target="_blank">Dorkinians Website</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/bangsluke/Dorkinians-Website" target="_blank">GitHub Repository</a>
- <a href="https://app.netlify.com/projects/dorkinians-website-v3/deploys" target="_blank">Netlify Deployment</a>

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
