docusaurus/docs/Projects/Dorkinians Website/4TOTWPage.md, before:

---
slug: /projects/dorkinians-website/totw-page
---

# TOTW

> [< Back to Dorkinians Website](1DorkiniansWebsite.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [Team of the Week](#team-of-the-week)
  - [Season and Week Selection](#season-and-week-selection)
  - [Player Details](#player-details)
  - [Points System](#points-system)
- [Players of the Month](#players-of-the-month)
  - [This Months Top Players](#this-months-top-players)
  - [This Month FTP Ranking and This Season FTP Ranking](#this-month-ftp-ranking-and-this-season-ftp-ranking)

## Overview

The TOTW (Team of the Week) section displays the best performing players each week and monthly top players.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/9XpLP2Sg/TOTW_Mobile.png"
    alt="TOTW Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/8kHZdG9C/Players_of_the_Month_Desktop.png"
    alt="Players of the Month Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
Team of the Week is calculated based on fantasy points earned in each match, with the players that form the highest scoring formation included in the team.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Navigation

The TOTW section has two main sub-pages:

- **[Team of the Week](4TOTWPage.md#team-of-the-week)**: Weekly best XI with visual pitch display
- **[Players of the Month](4TOTWPage.md#players-of-the-month)**: Monthly player awards

:::tip
Navigate between the sub-pages on mobile devices by swiping left or right on the screen.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Team of the Week

The Team of the Week displays the best performing players from each week, arranged in the highest scoring formation.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/9XpLP2Sg/TOTW_Mobile.png"
    alt="TOTW Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/v8z07ykB/TOTW_Desktop.png"
    alt="TOTW Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

### Season and Week Selection

To view a specific Team of the Week:

1. **Select a Season**: Use the season dropdown to choose which season to view
   - Options include individual seasons (e.g., "2024/25") or "All Time"
   - The current season is selected by default

2. **Select a Week**: Once a season is selected, use the week dropdown to choose a specific week
   - Options include individual weeks (e.g., "Week 1 (Sat, 3 Jan 2026)") or "Team of the Season"
   - The most recent week is selected by default

:::tip
If no week is available for the selected season, it means no matches were played that week or the data hasn't been processed yet.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Player Details

To view detailed statistics for a player in the Team of the Week:

1. **Tap/click on a Player**: Tap/click any player on the pitch to open their detailed statistics modal
2. **View Match Details**: The modal displays:
   - Player's total appearances
   - Match result for that week
   - Detailed breakdown of statistics for that match
   - Points breakdown showing how many fantasy points each statistic earned
   - Total fantasy points for the match

:::tip
Use the player details modal to understand exactly how each player earned their fantasy points and why they were included in the Team of the Week.
:::

:::info
If two players have the same total fantasy points, the player who has appeared in the fewest TOTWs is selected.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Points System

The Team of the Week is selected based on a fantasy points system. Points are awarded for various actions:

| Action | Points |
| --- | --- |
| Minutes Played | 2 points for an appearance over 60 minutes, 1 point for an appearance less than 60 minutes |
| Man of the Match | 3 points |
| Goal Scored | 4 points for a FWD, 5 points for a MID, 6 points for a DEF or GK |
| Assist | 3 points |
| Clean Sheet | 4 points for a DEF or GK, 1 point for a MID |
| Goal Conceded | -1 point for each 2 goals conceded for a DEF or GK |
| Yellow Card | -1 point |
| Red Card | -3 points |
| Save | 1 point for every 3 saves |
| Own Goal | -2 points |
| Penalty Scored | Same as a goal scored, done by position |
| Penalty Missed | -2 points |
| Penalty Conceded | 0 points |
| Penalty Saved | 5 points |

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Players of the Month

The Players of the Month section displays monthly award winners who have achieved outstanding performance over a calendar month.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/9XpLP2S8/Players_of_the_Month_Mobile.png"
    alt="Players of the Month Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/8kHZdG9C/Players_of_the_Month_Desktop.png"
    alt="Players of the Month Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

### This Months Top Players

The top scoring fantasy players of the month are listed in this section, along with their total fantasy points for the month.

Past seasons and months can be viewed by selecting the dropdowns at the top of the page.

:::tip
Click on a player's row to see a full breakdown of their statistics for the month with their scores per game.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### This Month FTP Ranking and This Season FTP Ranking

This section shows the current selected player's FTP ranking for the month and season, along with the top 3 players in the club.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/j5VzN72q/This-Month-FTP-Ranking-Mobile.png"
    alt="This Month FTP Ranking Mobile Screenshot"
  />
</div>

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

Added page meta data across the site

docusaurus/docs/Projects/Dorkinians Website/4TOTWPage.md, after:

---
slug: /projects/dorkinians-website/totw-page
description: Details on the TOTW page and sub-pages of the Dorkinians Website
---

# TOTW

> [< Back to Dorkinians Website](1DorkiniansWebsite.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [Team of the Week](#team-of-the-week)
  - [Season and Week Selection](#season-and-week-selection)
  - [Player Details](#player-details)
  - [Points System](#points-system)
- [Players of the Month](#players-of-the-month)
  - [This Months Top Players](#this-months-top-players)
  - [This Month FTP Ranking and This Season FTP Ranking](#this-month-ftp-ranking-and-this-season-ftp-ranking)

## Overview

The TOTW (Team of the Week) section displays the best performing players each week and monthly top players.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/9XpLP2Sg/TOTW_Mobile.png"
    alt="TOTW Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/8kHZdG9C/Players_of_the_Month_Desktop.png"
    alt="Players of the Month Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
Team of the Week is calculated based on fantasy points earned in each match, with the players that form the highest scoring formation included in the team.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Navigation

The TOTW section has two main sub-pages:

- **[Team of the Week](4TOTWPage.md#team-of-the-week)**: Weekly best XI with visual pitch display
- **[Players of the Month](4TOTWPage.md#players-of-the-month)**: Monthly player awards

:::tip
Navigate between the sub-pages on mobile devices by swiping left or right on the screen.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Team of the Week

The Team of the Week displays the best performing players from each week, arranged in the highest scoring formation.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/9XpLP2Sg/TOTW_Mobile.png"
    alt="TOTW Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/v8z07ykB/TOTW_Desktop.png"
    alt="TOTW Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

### Season and Week Selection

To view a specific Team of the Week:

1. **Select a Season**: Use the season dropdown to choose which season to view
   - Options include individual seasons (e.g., "2024/25") or "All Time"
   - The current season is selected by default

2. **Select a Week**: Once a season is selected, use the week dropdown to choose a specific week
   - Options include individual weeks (e.g., "Week 1 (Sat, 3 Jan 2026)") or "Team of the Season"
   - The most recent week is selected by default

:::tip
If no week is available for the selected season, it means no matches were played that week or the data hasn't been processed yet.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Player Details

To view detailed statistics for a player in the Team of the Week:

1. **Tap/click on a Player**: Tap/click any player on the pitch to open their detailed statistics modal
2. **View Match Details**: The modal displays:
   - Player's total appearances
   - Match result for that week
   - Detailed breakdown of statistics for that match
   - Points breakdown showing how many fantasy points each statistic earned
   - Total fantasy points for the match

:::tip
Use the player details modal to understand exactly how each player earned their fantasy points and why they were included in the Team of the Week.
:::

:::info
If two players have the same total fantasy points, the player who has appeared in the fewest TOTWs is selected.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Points System

The Team of the Week is selected based on a fantasy points system. Points are awarded for various actions:

| Action           | Points                                                                                     |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Minutes Played   | 2 points for an appearance over 60 minutes, 1 point for an appearance less than 60 minutes |
| Man of the Match | 3 points                                                                                   |
| Goal Scored      | 4 points for a FWD, 5 points for a MID, 6 points for a DEF or GK                           |
| Assist           | 3 points                                                                                   |
| Clean Sheet      | 4 points for a DEF or GK, 1 point for a MID                                                |
| Goal Conceded    | -1 point for each 2 goals conceded for a DEF or GK                                         |
| Yellow Card      | -1 point                                                                                   |
| Red Card         | -3 points                                                                                  |
| Save             | 1 point for every 3 saves                                                                  |
| Own Goal         | -2 points                                                                                  |
| Penalty Scored   | Same as a goal scored, done by position                                                    |
| Penalty Missed   | -2 points                                                                                  |
| Penalty Conceded | 0 points                                                                                   |
| Penalty Saved    | 5 points                                                                                   |

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Players of the Month

The Players of the Month section displays monthly award winners who have achieved outstanding performance over a calendar month.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/9XpLP2S8/Players_of_the_Month_Mobile.png"
    alt="Players of the Month Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/8kHZdG9C/Players_of_the_Month_Desktop.png"
    alt="Players of the Month Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

### This Months Top Players

The top scoring fantasy players of the month are listed in this section, along with their total fantasy points for the month.

Past seasons and months can be viewed by selecting the dropdowns at the top of the page.

:::tip
Click on a player's row to see a full breakdown of their statistics for the month with their scores per game.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### This Month FTP Ranking and This Season FTP Ranking

This section shows the current selected player's FTP ranking for the month and season, along with the top 3 players in the club.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/j5VzN72q/This-Month-FTP-Ranking-Mobile.png"
    alt="This Month FTP Ranking Mobile Screenshot"
  />
</div>

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
