docusaurus/docs/Projects/Dorkinians Website/5ClubInfoPage.md, before:

---
slug: /projects/dorkinians-website/club-info-page
---

# Club Info

> [< Back to Dorkinians Website](1DorkiniansWebsite.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [Club Information](#club-information)
  - [Club Achievements](#club-achievements)
  - [Milestones](#milestones)
- [League Information](#league-information)
  - [League Details](#league-details)
  - [Season Progress](#season-progress)
  - [My Seasons](#my-seasons)
- [Club Captains](#club-captains)
- [Club Awards](#club-awards)
- [Useful Links](#useful-links)

## Overview

The Club Info section provides comprehensive information about Dorkinians FC, including club achievements, player milestones, league information, current and historical captains, individual awards, and useful external links.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/Wpn5mVKH/Club_Information_Mobile.png"
    alt="Club Information Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/gk2NN5bb/League_Information_Desktop.png"
    alt="League Information Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Navigation

The Club Info section has five main sub-pages accessible via navigation:

- **[Club Information](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-information)**: Club history, milestones, and location
- **[League Information](5ClubInfoPage.md#league-information)**: League details and standings
- **[Club Captains](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-captains)**: Current and historical captains
- **[Club Awards](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-awards)**: Award information and winners
- **[Useful Links](5ClubInfoPage.md#useful-links)**: External resources and links

:::tip
Navigate between the sub-pages on mobile devices by swiping left or right on the screen.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Club Information

The Club Information sub-page provides details about Dorkinians FC, including location information, club achievements and player milestones.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/Wpn5mVKH/Club_Information_Mobile.png"
    alt="Club Information Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/Wpn5mVC1/Club_Information_Desktop.png"
    alt="Club Information Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

### Club Achievements

The Club Achievements section displays all league trophies won by the club's teams.

:::tip
Click on the "Show squad" text below the trophy to see the squad of players that helped win it.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Milestones

The Milestones section displays significant achievements and records reached by the club's players, including:

- **Achieved Milestones**: Milestones that have just been reached
- **Nearing Milestones**: Milestones that are close to being achieved
- **Filtering Milestones**: Use the filter dropdown to view milestones by category (goals, appearances, etc.)

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## League Information

The League Information sub-page provides details about the leagues in which Dorkinians FC teams compete, and holds historical standings and results for each league.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/Pf4SbHc7/League_Information_Mobile.png"
    alt="League Information Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/gk2NN5bb/League_Information_Desktop.png"
    alt="League Information Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::tip
In the dropdown, there are two extra options: "[Season Progress](5ClubInfoPage.md#season-progress)" and "[My Seasons](5ClubInfoPage.md#my-seasons)". Read more about them below.
:::

### League Details

After selecting a season, the user can view the league details for each team in the club.

:::tip
There is a quick jump link to each team for fast navigation to the lower teams.
:::

The League Details section displays information about:

- **League Names**: The name of the league
- **Finished Position**: The final position of the team in the league
- **League Table Link**: A link to the league table for the season to the FA Full Time website
- **Show Results**: A "Show results" button to view the results of the team in the league

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Season Progress

The season progress section is an attempt to show the progress of all of the club's teams across all leagues across past seasons.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/tTL4S3WH/Season_Progress_Mobile.png"
    alt="Season Progress Mobile Screenshot"
  />
</div>

Users can choose which league structure to view (given we changed from the AFC structure to SAL structure in 2025/2026) and also filter down to just show a single team if they want to.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### My Seasons

The my seasons section is a list of all of the finishing positions of the selected player, based on the team that they played the most games for that season.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/rmvwn1x2/My_Seasons_Mobile.png"
    alt="My Seasons Mobile Screenshot"
  />
</div>

It contains all of the same features that the normal league details section has.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Club Captains

The Club Captains sub-page displays information about current and historical team captains.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/sfcTPz8b/Club_Captains_Mobile.png"
    alt="Club Captains Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/pVZsQv42/Club_Captains_Desktop.png"
    alt="Club Captains Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::tip
Click on a captain's name to view all of their captaincies.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Club Awards

The Club Awards sub-page provides information about the club's individual awards.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/h4r28nww/Club_Awards_Mobile.png"
    alt="Club Awards Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/05fVGvFx/Club_Awards_Desktop.png"
    alt="Club Awards Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::tip
Click on a player's name to view all of their awards.
:::

:::info
We have award information going back to the 1973/74 season which can be seen in the "Historical Awards" by selecting that in the season dropdown.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Useful Links

The Useful Links sub-page provides quick access to external resources and important links related to Dorkinians FC.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/MZD90w4N/Useful_Links_Mobile.png"
    alt="Useful Links Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/nVk3Kxgf/Useful_Links_Desktop.png"
    alt="Useful Links Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

It includes the following sections:

- **Official Club Links**: Links to the club's official website and shop.
- **Social Media**: Links to the club's social media accounts.
- **Other Resources**: Links to other relevant external links including this help documentation and FA links.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

Added page meta data across the site

docusaurus/docs/Projects/Dorkinians Website/5ClubInfoPage.md, after:

---
slug: /projects/dorkinians-website/club-info-page
description: Details on the Club Info page and sub-pages of the Dorkinians Website
---

# Club Info

> [< Back to Dorkinians Website](1DorkiniansWebsite.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [Club Information](#club-information)
  - [Club Achievements](#club-achievements)
  - [Milestones](#milestones)
- [League Information](#league-information)
  - [League Details](#league-details)
  - [Season Progress](#season-progress)
  - [My Seasons](#my-seasons)
- [Club Captains](#club-captains)
- [Club Awards](#club-awards)
- [Useful Links](#useful-links)

## Overview

The Club Info section provides comprehensive information about Dorkinians FC, including club achievements, player milestones, league information, current and historical captains, individual awards, and useful external links.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/Wpn5mVKH/Club_Information_Mobile.png"
    alt="Club Information Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/gk2NN5bb/League_Information_Desktop.png"
    alt="League Information Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Navigation

The Club Info section has five main sub-pages accessible via navigation:

- **[Club Information](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-information)**: Club history, milestones, and location
- **[League Information](5ClubInfoPage.md#league-information)**: League details and standings
- **[Club Captains](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-captains)**: Current and historical captains
- **[Club Awards](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-awards)**: Award information and winners
- **[Useful Links](5ClubInfoPage.md#useful-links)**: External resources and links

:::tip
Navigate between the sub-pages on mobile devices by swiping left or right on the screen.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Club Information

The Club Information sub-page provides details about Dorkinians FC, including location information, club achievements and player milestones.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/Wpn5mVKH/Club_Information_Mobile.png"
    alt="Club Information Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/Wpn5mVC1/Club_Information_Desktop.png"
    alt="Club Information Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

### Club Achievements

The Club Achievements section displays all league trophies won by the club's teams.

:::tip
Click on the "Show squad" text below the trophy to see the squad of players that helped win it.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Milestones

The Milestones section displays significant achievements and records reached by the club's players, including:

- **Achieved Milestones**: Milestones that have just been reached
- **Nearing Milestones**: Milestones that are close to being achieved
- **Filtering Milestones**: Use the filter dropdown to view milestones by category (goals, appearances, etc.)

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## League Information

The League Information sub-page provides details about the leagues in which Dorkinians FC teams compete, and holds historical standings and results for each league.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/Pf4SbHc7/League_Information_Mobile.png"
    alt="League Information Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/gk2NN5bb/League_Information_Desktop.png"
    alt="League Information Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::tip
In the dropdown, there are two extra options: "[Season Progress](5ClubInfoPage.md#season-progress)" and "[My Seasons](5ClubInfoPage.md#my-seasons)". Read more about them below.
:::

### League Details

After selecting a season, the user can view the league details for each team in the club.

:::tip
There is a quick jump link to each team for fast navigation to the lower teams.
:::

The League Details section displays information about:

- **League Names**: The name of the league
- **Finished Position**: The final position of the team in the league
- **League Table Link**: A link to the league table for the season to the FA Full Time website
- **Show Results**: A "Show results" button to view the results of the team in the league

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Season Progress

The season progress section is an attempt to show the progress of all of the club's teams across all leagues across past seasons.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/tTL4S3WH/Season_Progress_Mobile.png"
    alt="Season Progress Mobile Screenshot"
  />
</div>

Users can choose which league structure to view (given we changed from the AFC structure to SAL structure in 2025/2026) and also filter down to just show a single team if they want to.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### My Seasons

The my seasons section is a list of all of the finishing positions of the selected player, based on the team that they played the most games for that season.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/rmvwn1x2/My_Seasons_Mobile.png"
    alt="My Seasons Mobile Screenshot"
  />
</div>

It contains all of the same features that the normal league details section has.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Club Captains

The Club Captains sub-page displays information about current and historical team captains.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/sfcTPz8b/Club_Captains_Mobile.png"
    alt="Club Captains Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/pVZsQv42/Club_Captains_Desktop.png"
    alt="Club Captains Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::tip
Click on a captain's name to view all of their captaincies.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Club Awards

The Club Awards sub-page provides information about the club's individual awards.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/h4r28nww/Club_Awards_Mobile.png"
    alt="Club Awards Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/05fVGvFx/Club_Awards_Desktop.png"
    alt="Club Awards Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::tip
Click on a player's name to view all of their awards.
:::

:::info
We have award information going back to the 1973/74 season which can be seen in the "Historical Awards" by selecting that in the season dropdown.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Useful Links

The Useful Links sub-page provides quick access to external resources and important links related to Dorkinians FC.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/MZD90w4N/Useful_Links_Mobile.png"
    alt="Useful Links Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/nVk3Kxgf/Useful_Links_Desktop.png"
    alt="Useful Links Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

It includes the following sections:

- **Official Club Links**: Links to the club's official website and shop.
- **Social Media**: Links to the club's social media accounts.
- **Other Resources**: Links to other relevant external links including this help documentation and FA links.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
