docusaurus/docs/Projects/Dorkinians Website/6SettingsPage.md, before:

---
slug: /projects/dorkinians-website/settings-page
---

# Settings

> [< Back to Dorkinians Website](1DorkiniansWebsite.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Overview](#overview)
- [PWA Installation](#pwa-installation)
  - [Install Prompt](#install-prompt)
- [Available Screens Navigation](#available-screens-navigation)
- [App Information](#app-information)
  - [Version Release Details](#version-release-details)
  - [Updates To Come](#updates-to-come)
  - [Stat Limitations](#stat-limitations)
  - [Share Site](#share-site)
  - [Report Bug / Request Feature](#report-bug--request-feature)
  - [Data \& Privacy](#data--privacy)
- [Version Number](#version-number)

## Overview

The Settings page offers PWA (Progressive Web App) installation options, provides quick navigation to all app sections, displays database status information and various other bits of information about the app.

:::info
The Settings page is accessible from the header settings icon (the cog) on any page in the app.
:::

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/qBL1crYP/Settings_Mobile.png"
    alt="Settings Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/v8z07yks/Settings_Desktop.png"
    alt="Settings Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## PWA Installation

The PWA Installation section provides options for installing the Dorkinians Website as a Progressive Web App on your device. This is highly recommended to do so as it provides a more native, app-like experience compared to using it in a browser.

### Install Prompt

The install prompt appears when:

- The app detects that it can be installed on your device
- You haven't already installed the app
- Your browser supports PWA installation

**To Install:**
1. Tap the "Install App" button
2. Follow your device's installation prompts
3. The app will be added to your home screen or app drawer

:::info
PWA installation is supported on most modern mobile browsers and some desktop browsers (Chrome, Edge, Safari).
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Available Screens Navigation

The Available Screens section provides a comprehensive navigation tree showing all available pages and sub-pages in the app.

- **[Home](2HomePage.md)**: Chatbot interface (no sub-pages)
- **[Stats](3StatsPage.md)**: Statistics section with multiple sub-pages
  - **[Player Stats](3StatsPage.md#player-stats)**: Selected player statistics
  - **[Team Stats](3StatsPage.md#team-stats)**: Team statistics and visualisations
  - **[Club Stats](3StatsPage.md#club-stats)**: Club statistics and visualisations
  - **[Comparison](3StatsPage.md#comparison)**: Two player comparison
- **[TOTW](4TOTWPage.md)**: Team of the Week section with sub-pages
  - **[Team of the Week](4TOTWPage.md#team-of-the-week)**: Team of the Week including star man
  - **[Players of the Month](4TOTWPage.md#players-of-the-month)**: Players of the Month table
- **[Club Info](5ClubInfoPage.md)**: Club information section with sub-pages
  - **[Club Information](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-information)**: Club information including achievements and milestones
  - **[League Information](5ClubInfoPage.md#league-information)**: League table information
  - **[Club Captains](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-captains)**: Club captains including current and historical captains
  - **[Club Awards](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-awards)**: Club awards including individual awards and historical awards
  - **[Useful Links](5ClubInfoPage.md#useful-links)**: Useful links including official club links, social media links and other relevant external links

:::tip
Use the sub-page navigation to jump directly to a specific section without having to navigate through the main pages first.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## App Information

The App Information section displays information about the app including release details, future updates, the version number and other features.

### Version Release Details

The version release details provides a history of all of the app's releases including the version number and release notes.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Updates To Come

The updates to come section provides a list of upcoming features and improvements to the app that are planned.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Stat Limitations

The stat limitations section provides a brief description of the limitations of the stats.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Share Site

A share site button is provided to allow you to share the app with others.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Report Bug / Request Feature

A report bug / request feature button is provided to allow you to report bugs or request features.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/VLTdZbQ4/Report_a_Bug_Mobile.png"
    alt="Report a Bug Mobile Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::tip
When reporting bugs, be as specific as possible. Include details like what page you were on, what action you took, and any error messages you saw. This helps the development team fix issues faster.
:::

:::info
Your feedback is valuable! The development team reviews all feedback to improve the app experience for everyone.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)


### Data & Privacy

The Settings page provides the ability to request data removal. To remove your name from the app, please submit a request using this form.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/DyD8pbkB/Data_Removal_Mobile.png"
    alt="Data Removal Mobile Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
This is a manual process and can be reversed later on if requested.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

<!-- TODO: Re-add below when PWA updates re-added -->

<!-- ## App Updates

The Settings page provides tools to check for and install app updates.

### Check for Updates

You can manually check for app updates from the Settings page:

1. **Navigate to Settings**: Open the Settings page from the header menu
2. **Find Update Section**: Locate the "Check for Updates" section
3. **Tap Check Button**: Tap the "Check" button to check for available updates
4. **View Status**: The app will display whether updates are available or if you're using the latest version

**Update Status Messages:**
- **"No updates available"**: You're using the latest version
- **"Update available"**: A new version is ready to install
- **"Checking..."**: The app is currently checking for updates

:::tip
Check for updates regularly to ensure you have access to the latest features and improvements.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Update Toast

When an app update is available, an Update Toast notification appears at the bottom of the screen. This notification provides:

- **Update Information**: Shows the new version number and release notes (if available)
- **Update Button**: Tap "Update Now" to install the update immediately
- **Dismiss Option**: Tap the X button to dismiss the notification (you can update later from Settings)

**Update Toast Features:**
- Appears automatically when updates are detected
- Can be dismissed and accessed later from Settings
- Shows version number and release notes
- One-tap update installation

:::info
If you dismiss the update toast, you can still update the app later from the Settings page.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents) -->

## Version Number

The Settings page displays the app version to help you identify which version you're using.

:::info
The app version is also included automatically when you submit feedback or data removal requests, helping the development team understand which version you're using.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

Added page meta data across the site

docusaurus/docs/Projects/Dorkinians Website/6SettingsPage.md, after:

---
slug: /projects/dorkinians-website/settings-page
description: Details on the Settings page of the Dorkinians Website
---

# Settings

> [< Back to Dorkinians Website](1DorkiniansWebsite.md)

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Overview](#overview)
- [PWA Installation](#pwa-installation)
  - [Install Prompt](#install-prompt)
- [Available Screens Navigation](#available-screens-navigation)
- [App Information](#app-information)
  - [Version Release Details](#version-release-details)
  - [Updates To Come](#updates-to-come)
  - [Stat Limitations](#stat-limitations)
  - [Share Site](#share-site)
  - [Report Bug / Request Feature](#report-bug--request-feature)
  - [Data \& Privacy](#data--privacy)
- [Version Number](#version-number)

## Overview

The Settings page offers PWA (Progressive Web App) installation options, provides quick navigation to all app sections, displays database status information and various other bits of information about the app.

:::info
The Settings page is accessible from the header settings icon (the cog) on any page in the app.
:::

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/qBL1crYP/Settings_Mobile.png"
    alt="Settings Mobile Screenshot"
  />
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/v8z07yks/Settings_Desktop.png"
    alt="Settings Desktop Screenshot"
  />
</div>

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## PWA Installation

The PWA Installation section provides options for installing the Dorkinians Website as a Progressive Web App on your device. This is highly recommended to do so as it provides a more native, app-like experience compared to using it in a browser.

### Install Prompt

The install prompt appears when:

- The app detects that it can be installed on your device
- You haven't already installed the app
- Your browser supports PWA installation

**To Install:**

1. Tap the "Install App" button
2. Follow your device's installation prompts
3. The app will be added to your home screen or app drawer

:::info
PWA installation is supported on most modern mobile browsers and some desktop browsers (Chrome, Edge, Safari).
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## Available Screens Navigation

The Available Screens section provides a comprehensive navigation tree showing all available pages and sub-pages in the app.

- **[Home](2HomePage.md)**: Chatbot interface (no sub-pages)
- **[Stats](3StatsPage.md)**: Statistics section with multiple sub-pages
  - **[Player Stats](3StatsPage.md#player-stats)**: Selected player statistics
  - **[Team Stats](3StatsPage.md#team-stats)**: Team statistics and visualisations
  - **[Club Stats](3StatsPage.md#club-stats)**: Club statistics and visualisations
  - **[Comparison](3StatsPage.md#comparison)**: Two player comparison
- **[TOTW](4TOTWPage.md)**: Team of the Week section with sub-pages
  - **[Team of the Week](4TOTWPage.md#team-of-the-week)**: Team of the Week including star man
  - **[Players of the Month](4TOTWPage.md#players-of-the-month)**: Players of the Month table
- **[Club Info](5ClubInfoPage.md)**: Club information section with sub-pages
  - **[Club Information](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-information)**: Club information including achievements and milestones
  - **[League Information](5ClubInfoPage.md#league-information)**: League table information
  - **[Club Captains](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-captains)**: Club captains including current and historical captains
  - **[Club Awards](5ClubInfoPage.md#club-awards)**: Club awards including individual awards and historical awards
  - **[Useful Links](5ClubInfoPage.md#useful-links)**: Useful links including official club links, social media links and other relevant external links

:::tip
Use the sub-page navigation to jump directly to a specific section without having to navigate through the main pages first.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

## App Information

The App Information section displays information about the app including release details, future updates, the version number and other features.

### Version Release Details

The version release details provides a history of all of the app's releases including the version number and release notes.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Updates To Come

The updates to come section provides a list of upcoming features and improvements to the app that are planned.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Stat Limitations

The stat limitations section provides a brief description of the limitations of the stats.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Share Site

A share site button is provided to allow you to share the app with others.

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Report Bug / Request Feature

A report bug / request feature button is provided to allow you to report bugs or request features.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/VLTdZbQ4/Report_a_Bug_Mobile.png"
    alt="Report a Bug Mobile Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::tip
When reporting bugs, be as specific as possible. Include details like what page you were on, what action you took, and any error messages you saw. This helps the development team fix issues faster.
:::

:::info
Your feedback is valuable! The development team reviews all feedback to improve the app experience for everyone.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Data & Privacy

The Settings page provides the ability to request data removal. To remove your name from the app, please submit a request using this form.

<div className="sideBySide">
  <img
    src="https://i.postimg.cc/DyD8pbkB/Data_Removal_Mobile.png"
    alt="Data Removal Mobile Screenshot"
  />
</div>

:::info
This is a manual process and can be reversed later on if requested.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

<!-- TODO: Re-add below when PWA updates re-added -->

<!-- ## App Updates

The Settings page provides tools to check for and install app updates.

### Check for Updates

You can manually check for app updates from the Settings page:

1. **Navigate to Settings**: Open the Settings page from the header menu
2. **Find Update Section**: Locate the "Check for Updates" section
3. **Tap Check Button**: Tap the "Check" button to check for available updates
4. **View Status**: The app will display whether updates are available or if you're using the latest version

**Update Status Messages:**
- **"No updates available"**: You're using the latest version
- **"Update available"**: A new version is ready to install
- **"Checking..."**: The app is currently checking for updates

:::tip
Check for updates regularly to ensure you have access to the latest features and improvements.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Update Toast

When an app update is available, an Update Toast notification appears at the bottom of the screen. This notification provides:

- **Update Information**: Shows the new version number and release notes (if available)
- **Update Button**: Tap "Update Now" to install the update immediately
- **Dismiss Option**: Tap the X button to dismiss the notification (you can update later from Settings)

**Update Toast Features:**
- Appears automatically when updates are detected
- Can be dismissed and accessed later from Settings
- Shows version number and release notes
- One-tap update installation

:::info
If you dismiss the update toast, you can still update the app later from the Settings page.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents) -->

## Version Number

The Settings page displays the app version to help you identify which version you're using.

:::info
The app version is also included automatically when you submit feedback or data removal requests, helping the development team understand which version you're using.
:::

> [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
