docusaurus/docs/DocumentationIntro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /documentation-intro
---

# Documentation Intro

Full details on my development journey and process.

- [Quick link to Dorkinians Stats](/docs/projects/dorkinians-stats/maintenance)
- [Quick link to Useful Links page](/docs/useful-links)

## Contents of the Site

### General Documentation

- [Tool Commands/Shortcuts](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts)
  - [Powershell Commands](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts#powershell-commands)
  - [Git Commands](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts#git-commands)
  - [VS Code Commands](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts#vs-code-commands)
  - [Chrome Shortcuts](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts#chrome-shortcuts)
  - [VBA Shortcuts](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts#vba-shortcuts)
- [Open AI and ChatGPT](/docs/general-documentation/openai-and-chatgpt)
  - [OpenAI Links](/docs/general-documentation/openai-and-chatgpt#openai-links)
  - [ChatGPT Prompts](/docs/general-documentation/openai-and-chatgpt#chatgpt-prompts)
- [Python](/docs/general-documentation/python)
  - [Installing Python](/docs/general-documentation/python#installing-python)
  - [Python Scripts](/docs/general-documentation/python#python-scripts)
- [Installing and Updating Versions](/docs/general-documentation/installing-and-updating-versions)
  - [NPM](/docs/general-documentation/installing-and-updating-versions#npm)
  - [Yarn](/docs/general-documentation/installing-and-updating-versions#yarn)
  - [Node](/docs/general-documentation/installing-and-updating-versions#node)
- [Package Managers](/docs/general-documentation/package-managers)
  - [NPM](/docs/general-documentation/package-managers#npm)
  - [Yarn](/docs/general-documentation/package-managers#yarn)
  - [PNPM](/docs/general-documentation/package-managers#pnpm)
  - [Switching Package Managers](/docs/general-documentation/package-managers#switching-package-managers)
- [Git Fixes](/docs/general-documentation/git-fixes)
  - [Error: Unable to load Commits. fatal: bad object desktop.ini](/docs/general-documentation/git-fixes#error-unable-to-load-commits-fatal-bad-object-desktopini)
  - [Clearing Secrets from History](/docs/general-documentation/git-fixes#clearing-secrets-from-history)

## Project Set Up to Release

- [Planning](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning)
  - [Decide on Architecture](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#decide-on-architecture)
    - [Front End Architecture](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#front-end-architecture)
    - [Back End Architecture](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#back-end-architecture)
    - [Database](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#database)
    - [Hosting](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#hosting)
    - [Mobile Architecture](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#mobile-architecture)
  - [Plan the UI](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#plan-the-ui)
    - [Inspiration](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#inspiration)
    - [Colour Selection](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#colour-selection)
- [Initiation](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation)
  - [Create the New App](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#create-the-new-app)
    - [CRA (Create React App)](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#cra-create-react-app)
    - [Vite](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#vite)
    - [Next.js](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#nextjs)
  - [Initiate a Git Repository and link to GitHub](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#initiate-a-git-repository-and-link-to-github)
  - [Structure and File Setup](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#structure-and-file-setup)
  - [GitHub Workflows](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#github-workflows)
- [Development](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development)
  - [HTML](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#html)
  - [CSS](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#css)
    - [CSS Tips](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#css-tips)
    - [CSS-in-CSS](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#css-in-css)
    - [Utility-First-CSS](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#utility-first-css)
    - [CSS-in-JS](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#css-in-js)
  - [Security and Authentication](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#security-and-authentication)
    - [Security](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#security)
    - [Authentication](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#authentication)
  - [Analytics](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#analytics)
  - [Internationalisation (i18n)](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#internationalisation-i18n)
  - [Documentation](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#documentation)
  - [Recommended Libraries & Tools](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#recommended-libraries--tools)
    - [State Management](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#state-management)
    - [Data Fetching](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#data-fetching)
    - [Routing](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#routing)
    - [Components](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#components)
    - [Animations](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#animations)
    - [Charts](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#charts)
    - [Other Libraries](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#other-libraries)
    - [Image Tools, Generation and Modification](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#image-tools-generation-and-modification)
    - [Other Tools](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#other-tools)
  - [Framework-specific Development Tips](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#framework-specific-development-tips)
    - [React](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#react)
    - [Vite](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#vite)
    - [Next.js](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#nextjs)
  - [Issues and Debugging](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#issues-and-debugging)
    - [HTML, CSS and JavaScript Issues](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#html-css-and-javascript-issues)
    - [React Issues](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#react-issues)
  - [Deployment](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#deployment)
- [Testing](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing)
  - [Testing Links](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#testing-links)
  - [Static Tests](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#static-tests)
  - [Unit Tests](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#unit-tests)
  - [Integration Tests](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#integration-tests)
  - [E2E Tests](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#e2e-tests)
  - [Performance Testing](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#performance-testing)
- [Release Checklist](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist)
  - [SEO and Meta Data](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#seo-and-meta-data)
  - [Favicon](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#favicon)
  - [User Experience](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#user-experience)
    - [404 Page](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#404-page)
  - [Page Speed Testing](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#page-speed-testing)
  - [Console Logs](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#console-logs)
  - [Framework Specific Checks](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#framework-specific-checks)

## Projects

- [Dorkinians](/docs/projects/dorkinians-stats/maintenance)

- [Useful Links](/docs/useful-links)

Commit message:

Added page meta data across the site

docusaurus/docs/DocumentationIntro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /documentation-intro
description: Documentation Intro page for the full documentation site
---

# Documentation Intro

Full details on my development journey and process.

- [Quick link to Dorkinians Stats](/docs/projects/dorkinians-stats/maintenance)
- [Quick link to Useful Links page](/docs/useful-links)

## Contents of the Site

### General Documentation

- [Tool Commands/Shortcuts](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts)
  - [Powershell Commands](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts#powershell-commands)
  - [Git Commands](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts#git-commands)
  - [VS Code Commands](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts#vs-code-commands)
  - [Chrome Shortcuts](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts#chrome-shortcuts)
  - [VBA Shortcuts](/docs/general-documentation/tool-commands-and-shortcuts#vba-shortcuts)
- [Open AI and ChatGPT](/docs/general-documentation/openai-and-chatgpt)
  - [OpenAI Links](/docs/general-documentation/openai-and-chatgpt#openai-links)
  - [ChatGPT Prompts](/docs/general-documentation/openai-and-chatgpt#chatgpt-prompts)
- [Python](/docs/general-documentation/python)
  - [Installing Python](/docs/general-documentation/python#installing-python)
  - [Python Scripts](/docs/general-documentation/python#python-scripts)
- [Installing and Updating Versions](/docs/general-documentation/installing-and-updating-versions)
  - [NPM](/docs/general-documentation/installing-and-updating-versions#npm)
  - [Yarn](/docs/general-documentation/installing-and-updating-versions#yarn)
  - [Node](/docs/general-documentation/installing-and-updating-versions#node)
- [Package Managers](/docs/general-documentation/package-managers)
  - [NPM](/docs/general-documentation/package-managers#npm)
  - [Yarn](/docs/general-documentation/package-managers#yarn)
  - [PNPM](/docs/general-documentation/package-managers#pnpm)
  - [Switching Package Managers](/docs/general-documentation/package-managers#switching-package-managers)
- [Git Fixes](/docs/general-documentation/git-fixes)
  - [Error: Unable to load Commits. fatal: bad object desktop.ini](/docs/general-documentation/git-fixes#error-unable-to-load-commits-fatal-bad-object-desktopini)
  - [Clearing Secrets from History](/docs/general-documentation/git-fixes#clearing-secrets-from-history)

## Project Set Up to Release

- [Planning](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning)
  - [Decide on Architecture](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#decide-on-architecture)
    - [Front End Architecture](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#front-end-architecture)
    - [Back End Architecture](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#back-end-architecture)
    - [Database](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#database)
    - [Hosting](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#hosting)
    - [Mobile Architecture](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#mobile-architecture)
  - [Plan the UI](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#plan-the-ui)
    - [Inspiration](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#inspiration)
    - [Colour Selection](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/planning#colour-selection)
- [Initiation](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation)
  - [Create the New App](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#create-the-new-app)
    - [CRA (Create React App)](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#cra-create-react-app)
    - [Vite](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#vite)
    - [Next.js](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#nextjs)
  - [Initiate a Git Repository and link to GitHub](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#initiate-a-git-repository-and-link-to-github)
  - [Structure and File Setup](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#structure-and-file-setup)
  - [GitHub Workflows](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/initiation#github-workflows)
- [Development](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development)
  - [HTML](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#html)
  - [CSS](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#css)
    - [CSS Tips](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#css-tips)
    - [CSS-in-CSS](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#css-in-css)
    - [Utility-First-CSS](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#utility-first-css)
    - [CSS-in-JS](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#css-in-js)
  - [Security and Authentication](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#security-and-authentication)
    - [Security](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#security)
    - [Authentication](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#authentication)
  - [Analytics](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#analytics)
  - [Internationalisation (i18n)](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#internationalisation-i18n)
  - [Documentation](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#documentation)
  - [Recommended Libraries & Tools](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#recommended-libraries--tools)
    - [State Management](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#state-management)
    - [Data Fetching](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#data-fetching)
    - [Routing](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#routing)
    - [Components](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#components)
    - [Animations](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#animations)
    - [Charts](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#charts)
    - [Other Libraries](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#other-libraries)
    - [Image Tools, Generation and Modification](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#image-tools-generation-and-modification)
    - [Other Tools](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#other-tools)
  - [Framework-specific Development Tips](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#framework-specific-development-tips)
    - [React](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#react)
    - [Vite](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#vite)
    - [Next.js](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#nextjs)
  - [Issues and Debugging](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#issues-and-debugging)
    - [HTML, CSS and JavaScript Issues](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#html-css-and-javascript-issues)
    - [React Issues](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#react-issues)
  - [Deployment](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/development#deployment)
- [Testing](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing)
  - [Testing Links](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#testing-links)
  - [Static Tests](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#static-tests)
  - [Unit Tests](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#unit-tests)
  - [Integration Tests](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#integration-tests)
  - [E2E Tests](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#e2e-tests)
  - [Performance Testing](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/testing#performance-testing)
- [Release Checklist](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist)
  - [SEO and Meta Data](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#seo-and-meta-data)
  - [Favicon](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#favicon)
  - [User Experience](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#user-experience)
    - [404 Page](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#404-page)
  - [Page Speed Testing](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#page-speed-testing)
  - [Console Logs](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#console-logs)
  - [Framework Specific Checks](/docs/project-set-up-to-release/release-checklist#framework-specific-checks)

## Projects

- [Dorkinians](/docs/projects/dorkinians-stats/maintenance)

- [Useful Links](/docs/useful-links)
